This is a pokemon style textbased game
their are two roads NS and WE
Thier is also a pokemart = M and a pokecenter = C
Tallgrass = ,
Trees = "
    • n: Display the map immediately north of the current map.
    • s: Display the map immediately south of the current map.
    • e: Display the map immediately east of the current map.
    • w: Display the map immediately west of the current map.
    • f: to allow the user to fly to a certain grid point.
    • q: Quit the game.


• hikers: These will be represented by the letter ’h’. Hikers path to the PC by following a maximum
gradient on the hiker map.
• rivals: These will be represented by the letter ’r’. Rivals path to the PC by following a maximum
gradient on the rival map.
• pacers: These will be represented by the letter ’p’. Pacers start with a direction and walk until they
hit some terrain they cannot traverse, then they turn around and repeat.
• wanderers: These will be represented by the letter ’w’. Wanderers never leave the terrain type they
were spawned in. They have a direction and walk strait ahead to the edge of the terrain, whereupon
they turn in a random direction and repeat.
• stationaries: These will be represented by the letter ’s’. Stationaries don’t move.
• random walkers: These will be represented by the letter ’n’. Random walkers move like pacers, but
they cross terrain type boundaries.

Key(s) Action
7 or y Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper left.
8 or k Attempt to move PC one cell up.
9 or u Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper right.
6 or l Attempt to move PC one cell to the right.
3 or n Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower right.
2 or j Attempt to move PC one cell down.
1 or b Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower left.
4 or h Attempt to move PC one cell to the left.
> Attempt to enter a Pokemart or Pok ´ emon Center. Works only if standing on a ´
building. Leads to a user interface for the appropriate build. You may simply add
a placeholder for this for now, which you exit with a <.
5 or space or . Rest for a turn. NPCs still move.
t Display a list of trainers on the map, with their symbol and position relative to
the PC (e.g.: “r, 2 north and 14 west”).
up arrow When displaying trainer list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currently
at top of list, scroll list up.
down arrow When displaying trainer list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currently
at bottom of list, scroll list down.
escape When displaying trainer list, return to character control.
Q Quit the game. Your main game loop will become: while (!quit game) {
... }